---
title: "About"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: chevron-down
---



# what we're all about

We are a network of small, what we call, ***innovation hubs***. The goal is to give kids around the world access to the tools and technology that isn't readily available otherwise. 

The majority of the children we serve are those in rural areas with limited access to electricity, the internet, and computers and/or tablets. 

Our hubs are multi-purpose at their core. Come in and read on one of our Amazon Kindle e-readers, research for a school project on a chromebook, or hold a study session with your classmates.

Got some *killer app*, some *neat project*, a cool portfolio? Make an easy single-page site to show it all off. SinglePaged uses jekyll niceties to make a ***polished, modular, and beautiful* single page site**.

Oh-- go see [some examples](https://github.com/t413/SinglePaged#fancy-jekyll-powered-single-page-site)!

- Each vertical section is a markdown file in **_posts/** directory.
  * They're sorted by 'date'. (we don't use date anywhere, it only sorts)
- Each vertical section sets it's own **color**, **header icon** (or image), **title**, and easy-to-write markdown body.
- Only **two things** to edit:
  1. Edit `_config.yml` to set the site title, description, etc
  2. Add `_posts/*.md` to make each vertical section. Copy some examples and add the sections from your README.md for a fast start!
- Easy adding of **SEO terms**, **favicon** & such, and **google analytics token**.

Sound good? Let's go!

There are three way to get started: (links jump to that section)

1. Make a [**user homepage**](#setup-as-user-homepage) (or organization)
2. Make a [**standalone project**](#setup-as-standalone-project-page) page
3. Make a [site under an **existing project**](#setup-inside-existing-project)
